Probtest santis (#308)
C2SM/c2sm.github.io: docs/models/icon/compile_and_run.md

Run the following after navigating into the ICON root folder (replace `gpu` by `cpu` if applicable):

```console
UENV_VERSION=$(cat config/cscs/SANTIS_ENV_TAG)
uenv run ${UENV_VERSION} -- ./config/cscs/santis.gpu.nvhpc
```

!!! Note

    If you have never used a uenv on Säntis, you need to create a uenv repo first:
    ```
    uenv repo create
    ```

    In case you are using the uenv version for the first time, you need to pull the image first:
    ```
    uenv image pull $UENV_VERSION
    ```

#### Building out-of-source

Out-of-source builds are useful if you want to have two or more compiled versions of ICON in the same repository.
To achieve that, you simply need to create separate folders in the ICON root folder 
and run the configure wrapper from there.

For example, if you want to compile ICON both for `cpu` and `gpu`, create those directories:

```bash
mkdir nvhpc_cpu
mkdir nvhpc_gpu
```

> Then, navigate into the corresponding folder and compile with:
> 

Author: ```suggestion
Then, navigate into the corresponding folder and source the configure wrapper for compilation:

```

> 

Author: @mjaehn ?
